samples: nrf5340: extxip_smp_svr: Add nrfutil flash runner config (#20275)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/bootloaders_dfu/qspi_xip_split_image.rst

*****************************************

Programming of the application is supported using the :ref:`standard procedure <programming>`.

> The standard procedure will program the firmware using the default nrfutil configuration which, for QSPI, is PP4IO mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard procedure programs the firmware using the default nRF Util configuration, which, for QSPI, is the PP4IO mode.
```

Author: `nrfutil` is the command line tool so not sure it should be changed to `nRF Util`?

Author: Fixed
